---
layout: event
category: events
title: "Bass Vault"
date: 2024/07/21
datestart: 2024/09/01
locationTitle: The Hibernia
location: 1 Jones Street San Francisco, CA, United States
hosts:
  - Bass Vault
tickets: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/bass-vault-ft-frontliner-keltek-tickets-947591470597
image: /assets/img/events/bass-vault-2024.jpg
---

Rave inside the one and only Hibernia Bank Vault

▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬

PREPARE for the ground to shake, the Earth to quake, and to OPEN THE VAULT. Labor Day Sunday, prepare your body and soul for an unforgettable journey. A once in a lifetime rave that will blow your mind. We welcome all weekend warriors to three epic stages, including the legendary and historic Hibernia Bank Vault.

Labor Day weekend means no work on Monday

▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬

Hardstyle | Hardcore | NEO Rave

Hard Stage:

- Frontliner (Hardstyle)
- Keltek (Hardstyle)
- The Buckness (Hardstyle)
- Selecta & Rayne (Hardstyle)
- NRGetics (Hardstyle)

Happy Stage:

Hardcore | Hard House

With support from Locked In Entertainment

- Rafer Rawb (Happy Hardcore)
- A.N.T B2B Lucy Stoner (Hardcore)
- Russ Mak
- Dooby B2B Rugby
- Chubbee

The Vault:

- Neo Rave | Hard Techno
- Egodeath (NEO Rave | Hard Techno)
- +More TBD

▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬

Frontliner, known as "The Melodyman," is a pioneering figure in the Hardstyle scene. With his high-energy tracks and unparalleled stage presence, he has captivated audiences worldwide and continues to push the boundaries of the genre.

There’s been no stopping Keltek on his reign for glory. He has made a statement with top-tier releases like "Unstoppable Force" and "Through the Storm," each amassing millions of streams and being used in end shows for large-scale events like Electric Love Festival and Qlimax. Moreover, his masterpiece "Eternal Echoes" is a very special production, which claimed its hit-status with fans worldwide.

▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬

Bass Vault | September 1st

Hibernia Bank Vault | 1 Jones St, San Francisco

Tickets:

- Legend - $20.00
- Epik - $30.00
- Supreme - $38.00
- Warrior - $45.00
- Heroic - $50.00

Follow Us: @bass.vault.sf

$5 Coat Check Available on-site

21+ Only

Full-service bars available

9 PM - Late

Epic, Energetic, Unforgettable

▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬

BASS VAULT; an unforgettable rave experience, HARDCORE INTENSITY and incredible music.