---
layout: event
category: events
title: "The Relaunch"
date: 2024/09/04
datestart: 2024/09/21
locationTitle: The Foundry Nightclub
location: 5 Torwood St, Torquay TQ1 1ED, United Kingdom
hosts:
  - Hardcore Resurrection HQ
  - The Attic
  - The Foundry Torquay
  - Ash Mealey
tickets: https://www.skiddle.com/whats-on/Torquay/The-Foundry/Hardcore-Resurrection-presents-The-Relaunch/39225582/
facebook: https://www.facebook.com/events/3834787516837161/
image: /assets/img/events/the-relaunch-2024.jpg
---

Hardcore Resurrection presents: The Relaunch!

Date: Saturday, September 21st, 2024

Time: 09.00pm to 04.00am

Venue: The Foundry Nightclub Torquay.

Hardcore Resurrection is back and we are relaunching with a bang!

Get ready for the most electrifying night of your life with a heavyweight line up, festival club production and an atmosphere you can cut with a knife.

Line up:

David Rust is a name synonymous with the high-energy beats and relentless rhythms of hard trance and tech trance. Hailing from the UK, Rust has carved out a significant niche in the electronic dance music (EDM) scene, known for his dynamic sets and innovative productions that push the boundaries of genre and sound.

DJ Hixxy AKA the B O SS, is a celebrated figure in the world of UK Hardcore. A true pioneer with a career spanning over two decades, Hixxy has made an indelible mark on the rave scene, captivating audiences with his infectious tracks and dynamic performances.

Kutski is a revered DJ and producer in the hard dance and hardcore scenes. Known for his technical prowess and diverse musical influences, Kutski has earned a reputation as one of the most skilled and versatile artists in electronic dance music. A Radio 1 resident and forerunner of Keeping the Rave Alive. Expect hard beats!

MC Whizzkid, The Voice of Hardcore, is one of the most iconic and influential figures in the UK hardcore and rave scenes. Known for his rapid-fire lyrics, infectious energy, and charismatic stage presence, MC Whizzkid has been captivating audiences and elevating events as a true OG.

MC Static, The Heartbeat of Hardcore, known for his dynamic presence and commanding voice, has established himself as a stalwart of the hardcore and rave scenes. With a career spanning over two decades, he is renowned for his ability to energize crowds and deliver unique performances that resonate deeply with hardcore enthusiasts worldwide.

Room 2: The Attic Nightclub headlined by:

Scorpio

Ben Jammin

With 2 Arenas and over 30 artists covering UK Hardcore, Hardstyles, Hard Trance, Hard Techno, Tech Trance and Hard House there is something for everyone.

Highlights:

Epic Light Shows: Experience a visual feast with state-of-the-art lasers, LED installations, and holographic displays synchronized to the music with smoke and haze machines.

Immersive Sound System: Feel the music like never before with our top-tier sound system designed to deliver crisp highs and bone-rattling lows.

Interactive Art Installations: Engage with interactive art pieces that react to sound and movement, adding a new dimension to your rave experience.

Glow Zones: Neon paint stations, glow sticks, and UV lights to make sure you shine bright all night.  
Free Whistles and Glow sticks to the first 100 in attendance

Tickets:

Early bird tickets start at just £20 each.

What to Bring:

ID (18+ event)  
Comfortable, rave-friendly attire  
Your dancing shoes and the best vibes

Safety and Guidelines:

On-site first aid and security will ensure a safe environment for all attendees.  
Please respect the venue and your fellow ravers - we're here to have an unforgettable, safe, and fun experience together.

Stay Connected: Follow us on social media for updates, contests, and more:

[https://www.facebook.com/HardcoreResHQ/](https://www.facebook.com/HardcoreResHQ?__cft__[0]=AZVrtrZjqOhRXadirdcSEFl58gJ3sDfblySHicuD0PuZECj1MNA8pIlG2bQyikoR5Ux0fval7NB1L9ZRPFyVlRuMEZywEGIEDoBQdyfL3YGdY5RMqqg8j5k34TkJlzZ2pjasfw6pKapWY39wjqYbfjZROpfPPWLYwEhE3jjWh9tCDw&__tn__=q)

Prepare for a night where the music takes control and the lights guide your way. We are Hardcore Resurrection and we do raves!